So we know how to create a dynamo D-B table.
But how about describing an existing table or the table that we just created.
In this case so to learn about describing the table let's go to our dining Modibo class and from there
I'm going to add a new method described table and two describing a table.
Of course you're going to need a table name and that's good for the stores.
Let's also say describing Dynamo the table with name and then table.
So let's just return self-taught client and describe a table.
This is the method that we're looking for and the only parameter that this method is looking for as
is the table name.
We don't have to provide anything else to describe a table.
So let's go back to our managed dynamic D-B class and from there let's just add another method for describing
the table.
So let's say describe table and within that method let's just also provide a new simple method to get
a client for us so that we don't have to call the client every time we have to pass in.
So get dynamo D.B and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to paste this code right here and then
I'm going to call this method and I'm going to say get dynamo D-B.
Of course I have to return dynamo D-B Colline from that class so that I can use it dynamically.
And then what I'm going to do now is and I'm going to put dot and then the autocomplete is already working.
And I can call my describe table method.
So within that method I can pass in the table name just like I have here.
So I can just pass in movies for my description purposes and here we go.
So let's try out for describing the dynamo table.
So let's just run it and see what we're going to see.
And also Lissa's printout result from our dynamo DP description call.
So what I'm going to do now I'm going to wrap this around with a print statement.
And also since this is going to be a dictionary I'm going to wrap it around with a string definition
too.
All right.
So I'm going to hit run and see what's going to happen.
And here we go.
Our table is described with all of its properties as you can see from the Keys Kema attribute definitions
to date time that is created and the time that is last updated.
And I can see the provision throughput and read capacity write capacity table or n table ID and simply
everything about my dynamo D-B table today I need.